README.md, before:

# Top Online Therapy Platforms 2026

A modern, responsive website comparing the top 7 online therapy booking platforms of 2026.

## 🌐 Live Demo

[View Live Site](https://blueavian9.github.io/Valeries-Psychological-Wellness-App/) *(update after deployment)*

## 📋 About

This website helps users find the perfect online therapy platform by providing:
- Detailed information about 7 top platforms
- Side-by-side comparison table
- FAQ section answering common questions
- Clean, accessible design
- Mobile-first responsive layout

## 🏥 Platforms Compared

1. **BetterHelp** - Best Overall Provider
2. **Talkspace** - Most User-Friendly
3. **Online-Therapy.com** - Best for Holistic CBT
4. **Brightside Health** - Best for Depression/Anxiety
5. **Grow Therapy** - Best for Insurance Access
6. **Amwell** - Best Video Platform
7. **Calmerry** - Most Affordable

## 🛠️ Built With

- HTML5 (Semantic markup)
- CSS3 (Grid & Flexbox)
- Vanilla JavaScript
- Google Fonts (Inter)
- No frameworks or libraries

## 📂 Project Structure

```
Valeries-Psychological-Wellness-App/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── css/
│   └── styles.css      # All styles
├── js/
│   └── script.js       # Interactive features
├── images/
│   └── (platform icons)
├── docs/
│   ├── PRD.md          # Product Requirements Document
│   └── setup.md        # Setup documentation
├── README.md           # This file
└── .gitignore          # Git ignore file
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Local Development

1. Clone this repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Blueavian9/Valeries-Psychological-Wellness-App.git
   ```

2. Open the project folder
   ```bash
   cd Valeries-Psychological-Wellness-App
   ```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser
   - Or use Live Server extension in VS Code
   - Or run: `python -m http.server 8000`

### Deployment

This site can be deployed on:
- **Vercel**: Connect GitHub repo, automatic deployment
- **GitHub Pages**: Enable in repository settings
- **Netlify**: Drag and drop or connect repo

## ✨ Features

- 🎨 Modern, clean design
- 📱 Fully responsive (mobile-first)
- ⚡ Fast loading (<2s)
- ♿ WCAG AA accessible
- 🔍 SEO optimized
- 🎯 Interactive comparison table
- ❓ FAQ accordion
- 🔝 Smooth scrolling
- 📊 Platform filtering ready

## 🎨 Color Palette

- Primary: `#6366F1` (Indigo)
- Accent: `#10B981` (Green)
- Background: `#FFFFFF`
- Text: `#334155`

## 📱 Responsive Breakpoints

- Mobile: < 768px
- Tablet: 768px - 1024px
- Desktop: > 1024px

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👤 Author

**Cesar A Aguilar**
- GitHub: [@Blueavian9](https://github.com/Blueavian9)
- Email: Blueavian9@gmail.com

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Platform information sourced from official websites
- Design inspiration: Modern healthcare/comparison sites
- Icons: Emoji-based placeholders (can be replaced with SVG icons)

## 📞 Disclaimer

This website provides information for educational purposes only. It is not intended as medical advice. Always consult with qualified healthcare professionals for medical decisions.

---

**Last Updated:** February 2026

Made with ❤️ for mental health awareness

Commit message:

Clean up project: Remove React/TypeScript/Cloudflare Workers files
- Removed all React app files (src/react-app/)
- Removed Cloudflare Workers server files (src/server/, src/worker/)
- Removed database migrations (migrations/)
- Removed build config files (vite, wrangler, tsconfig, eslint)
- Removed package.json and dependencies
- Kept only HTML/CSS/JS files for therapy platform comparison site
- Updated README.md and .gitignore
- Added PRD_GUIDE.md for implementation reference

Project now follows PRD.md requirements for simple HTML/CSS/JS static site.

README.md, after:

# Top Online Therapy Platforms 2026

A modern, responsive website comparing the top 7 online therapy booking platforms of 2026.

## 🌐 Live Demo

[View Live Site](https://blueavian9.github.io/Valeries-Psychological-Wellness-App/) *(update after deployment)*

## 📋 About

This website helps users find the perfect online therapy platform by providing:
- Detailed information about 7 top platforms
- Side-by-side comparison table
- FAQ section answering common questions
- Clean, accessible design
- Mobile-first responsive layout

## 🏥 Platforms Compared

1. **BetterHelp** - Best Overall Provider
2. **Talkspace** - Most User-Friendly
3. **Online-Therapy.com** - Best for Holistic CBT
4. **Brightside Health** - Best for Depression/Anxiety
5. **Grow Therapy** - Best for Insurance Access
6. **Amwell** - Best Video Platform
7. **Calmerry** - Most Affordable

## 🛠️ Built With

- HTML5 (Semantic markup)
- CSS3 (Grid & Flexbox)
- Vanilla JavaScript
- Google Fonts (Inter)
- No frameworks or libraries

## 📂 Project Structure

```
Valeries-Psychological-Wellness-App/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── css/
│   └── styles.css      # All styles
├── js/
│   └── script.js       # Interactive features
├── images/
│   └── (platform icons - add as needed)
├── docs/
│   ├── PRD.md          # Product Requirements Document
│   └── PRD_GUIDE.md    # Implementation Guide
├── README.md           # This file
└── .gitignore          # Git ignore file
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Local Development

1. Clone this repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Blueavian9/Valeries-Psychological-Wellness-App.git
   ```

2. Open the project folder
   ```bash
   cd Valeries-Psychological-Wellness-App
   ```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser
   - Simply double-click `index.html` to open in your default browser
   - Or use Live Server extension in VS Code/Cursor
   - Or run a local server: `python -m http.server 8000` (then visit http://localhost:8000)

### Deployment

This site can be deployed on:
- **Vercel**: Connect GitHub repo, automatic deployment
- **GitHub Pages**: Enable in repository settings
- **Netlify**: Drag and drop or connect repo

## ✨ Features

- 🎨 Modern, clean design
- 📱 Fully responsive (mobile-first)
- ⚡ Fast loading (<2s)
- ♿ WCAG AA accessible
- 🔍 SEO optimized
- 🎯 Interactive comparison table
- ❓ FAQ accordion
- 🔝 Smooth scrolling
- 📊 Platform filtering ready

## 🎨 Color Palette

- Primary: `#6366F1` (Indigo)
- Accent: `#10B981` (Green)
- Background: `#FFFFFF`
- Text: `#334155`

## 📱 Responsive Breakpoints

- Mobile: < 768px
- Tablet: 768px - 1024px
- Desktop: > 1024px

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👤 Author

**Cesar A Aguilar**
- GitHub: [@Blueavian9](https://github.com/Blueavian9)
- Email: Blueavian9@gmail.com

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Platform information sourced from official websites
- Design inspiration: Modern healthcare/comparison sites
- Icons: Emoji-based placeholders (can be replaced with SVG icons)

## 📞 Disclaimer

This website provides information for educational purposes only. It is not intended as medical advice. Always consult with qualified healthcare professionals for medical decisions.

---

**Last Updated:** February 2026

Made with ❤️ for mental health awareness
